New rule 'no unsupported Node APIs in SSR-able components' (#167)
salesforce/eslint-plugin-lwc: docs/rules/no-unguarded-risky-node-api-in-ssrable-components.md

> # Disallow unguarded risky Node API calls in SSR context (`lwc/no-unguarded-risky-node-api-in-ssrable-components`)

Reviewer: Instead of saying "risky", let's just say unsupported. Technically, the APIs are available, but we won't fix them if a component developer tries to use one and it breaks.

Author: Done.

> The rule disallows the use of unguarded risky Node API calls within the context of server-side rendering. These calls can lead to security vulnerabilities and unexpected behavior when rendering components on the server. Instead, any risky operations should be properly guarded to ensure they are only executed in safe contexts.

Reviewer: We want the linter to error if the Node APIs are used, even if they are guarded in some way.

```suggestion
The rule disallows the use of unsupported Node API calls. These calls can lead to security vulnerabilities and unexpected behavior when rendering components on the server.
```

## Rule details

Example of **incorrect** code:

```js
const fs = require('fs');

> if (import.meta.env.SSR) {
>     // Risky Node API call within SSR context
>     fs.writeFileSync('file.txt', 'data');
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Unsupported Node API call
fs.writeFileSync('file.txt', 'data');
```

```

Example of **correct** code:

> ```js
> if (import.meta.env.SSR) {
>     try {
>         // Safe guarded call
>         require('something');
>     } catch (e) {
>         // Handle error
>     }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
// Do not use Node APIs
```
```
